2 PRIVATE SPREADING METHODS

“The Method” # 1
Youtube is a great way to spread viruses, and we can leave our videos
for people to see all around the world.. Even when we are sleeping! In
this method we are going utilize a javascript, fake program, and some
unique methods of youtube promoting to get you the downloads you
want.
Preparation
1. Download CamTasia Studio. (Check download links at the
bottom of the eBook for full version of Camtasia 7)
2. Open up your virus builder. (Example: Metus, XR, etc.) And
build your server with proper details, and information. If your
virus isn’t already 100% FUD, crypt it. (Check download links at
the bottom of the eBook for a FUD Crypter) NOTE: If your virus
is NOT FUD (Fully Undiscoverable) you will not get very many
executions.
3. Make a new paypal account, and make sure it is NOT verified.
(Premier or Buisness) Also make sure your balance is 0.00$
Execution of Method 1
1. Open up your Camtasia Screen Recorder. (make sure you are
talking, and narrating through a mic. Worst case scenario, just
add subtitles at the end of the video with Camtasia Studio)
2. Talk about what your video is about. (a PayPal money generator
that works!) Make sure throughout this video you have a
sincere, firm tone. (Makes the video subconsciously more
believable.)
3. Open up your PayPal, and show the viewers you have 0.00 $. As
well as:
• The current date. (Last logged on as ____________)
• Current transactions
4. Now log out, and go to your paypal money generator. (Check
download links at the bottom of the eBook for a Fake PayPal
program)
5. Generate any amount (except for the highest amount of money)
and tell the viewers not to use that one, seeing as it’s a high risk
of getting caught)
6. Now open up your browser again, and keep the recording going
until right after the (Logging in..) flash screen.
7. You should now be at your PayPal homepage. Paste the
following javascript into your URL Bar, and hit enter:
javascript:document.body.contentEditable='true';
document.designMode='on'; void 0
8. You should notice some of the colors on the page change. This
means the page is now editable (Dont get too excited everything
goes away after a refresh :/)
9. Change your balance to the amount your generator is
generating. (Ex. If your generator from step 4. Is giving you
1000$ then thats the amount you edit your balance to be)
10. After your done the edit, DONT REFRESH/LEAVE the page.
Instead continue your recording. Be calm about it, and say how
it works. Remember to show the date again, and how you still
don’t have any transactions. Right before you end the video, say:
Oh yeah, by the way be careful, and don’t use this more then once
a month
Editing your video
1. Okay, open up your favourite Video Editing program. (I use
Sony Vegas: Check the downloads section at the bottom of
the eBook if you want it) Or if your a lamer open up the
Camtasia Editor. Line up your videos, and trim any excess
pauses and sloppiness.
2. MAKE SURE to add background music, but make it very
faint. The purpose of this is to only cover up the
pauses/differences in sound. (from when you stop, and star
the recording)
3. This video is meant to look like it was done in one whole
shot.
4. Now this step is important: After editing your video, don’t
name it something like: OMG SPREADING VIDEO, Vid#1 etc.
Instead name it with tags that people would search on
youtube. How to hack paypal, Get free money from paypal
etc.
5. The vaguer your tags are the better.
6. Now when YouTube asks you for Official Tags for the video.
That’s when you can put specific ones. What this does is
balance out specific-vague.
Extra Video Promoting
1. Download Refresh Every, Mozilla Firefox, and a list of proxies
(Check Downloads Section at the bottom of the eBook for
Download)
2. [Install Firefox if you don’t already have it] Install Refresh Every
(add-on) and add the list of proxies to it.
3. Visit your YouTube video, and keep execute Refresh Every. (The
point of this is, the more views you get. The easier it is for
anybody searching something similar to your tags to find it.)
4. Remember to post your video as video responses to other
popular videos.
5. Remember to include virus scans in your video information.
“The Method” # 2
MANY WAREZ-RELATED FORUMS ARE FILLED WITH NOOBS WHO ARE LOOKING TO DOWNLOAD AS
MANY FREE ISOS/GAMES/MOVIES AS POSSIBLE. THIS IS WHEN WE EXPLOIT THEM!
1. FUD your Virus. (Check downloads sections at the bottom of the
eBook for a FUD Crypter!)
2. Change the icon to a .txt file using ResHacker. (Check downloads
section at the bottom of the eBook for ResHacker + tutorial!) Now
rename the virus to “README, README!, IMPORTANT” Or
something along those lines.
3. Now go to a Warez website such as www.pspiso.com, and find a
popular game or movie. ( For Example: Bioshock 2 )
4. Take all of the links, and go to www.lix.in and rename them.
(enter URL + click Enter)
5. Upload your virus to the exact same host as the other links were
from (Example: If the Bioshock 2 links were uploaded on
Megaupload, then use Megaupload to upload your Virus)
6. Post on the same forum (or another one, it doesn’t matter) the
same game, but use the lix.in (Hidden) links instead.
7. Before all of the proper links, post the “Readme,” with Huge,
bold, underlined, colourful letters saying something like
“README! IMPORTANT NOTES ON HOW TO INSTALL THE
GAME!” 