AUTOMATED SPREADING METHODS

Method #1- Automated spreading via YouTube
Spreading throughout YouTube is one of the most
successful ways to gain slaves. With the amount of daily
traffic. YouTube gets, if you target correctly we can gain
thousands of slaves. First, you will need to get a NO LOGS
VPN. You can obtain one from HackForums Marketplace
or Hacking Tools & Programs section. Never purchase a
VPN with logs, which defeats the purpose and to keep
anominity as best as possible. Protecting your identity is
the key. My favorite idea is running videos of common
niches such as "Free Minecraft Accounts", "Free Xbox
Live", "Free Netflix Accounts" or anything other because
it can easily drive lots of traffic. Yes, they are common so
you could possibly be missing out slaves to other users if
they can make there video more popular. But, there are
over one billion facebook users, 200 million runescape
users, 100 million Instagram Users and more. People
often want to get into Facebooks, Twitters, get revenge
on their exs or get free hacks and cheats. These never
really exist, but we will make them "exist". Another turn
we can make is even translating these common niches
into translating them to other languages (French, for
example) and targeting their users as well. Let’s pick out
a niche, let’s use “Free Minecraft Accounts”. This one has
ALWAYS worked out very well for me and we will be
going with this. We want to first get a video. Let’s visit
Youtube and find something we want.
Simply download the program YTD Downloader from
here: http://download.cnet.com/ytd-video-downloader
Simply download the program, open it and paste the
Youtube link. Convert it, download it and then reupload
it onto your own YouTube account. Now that we have a
video, we need to gain traffic. We can visit the
HackForums Social Networking Service thread and get
Youtube Views from there.
As well, there are sites such as EnhancedViews.com &
Vaxgex.com – both websites where you are credited for
your work (viewing, custom comments, etc) for your
work and can cash your credit out for the same thing
(views, custom comments, likes, etc). Now, there are
many awesome websites you can upload your download
to such as filetolink.com, mediafire.com and
dropbox.com. Now, there are many awesome websites
you can upload your download to such as filetolink.com,
mediafire.com and dropbox.com – mask your link with a
goo.gl, bit.ly or ow.ly to make it look better. Rememberyou want to purchase a crypter or visit the Hacking Tools
& Programs section and get a crypter to protect your file
from being detected from virus. Find a virus scanner you
check (that DOES not distribute, such as VirusTotal – DO
NOT USE!) which will keep your file being undetectable
better. Keeping your file from being detected on viruses
will obviously make it much easier. Remember to often
scan your file from time to time, ensuring it is still
undetectable. More make your file believer is a .exe to
.doc method – where closer eyed people will make it
perfect way to spread. Visit the Hackforums selling
forums to find something like this and I guarantee you
pulling in slaves will be easier.
Method #2- eWhore Spreading
Chat-Avenue.com is a very great website where i have
always gotten LOADS of traffic. In this method - the
eWhore method is where we will be targeting users one
on one. This method will be very quick, where you can
quickly gain traffic. You have your server uploaded. Open
up adult or teen chat, "18 y/o female giving away free
nudes add me on skype xxx" copy and paste it into the
chatroom. Remember to change up your message
slightly, most chat sites flag and ban once your video has
multiple repeated messages of the same time. Quickly,
most of the time many horny men add your skype. Once
you get them onto your skype, give them a download link
"here you go babe download my pics <3 xxxx". Most of
the time, they will take the pictures right away and
download it instantly. If you get someone who is very
serious during the whole conversation (you can
introduce yourself first, if you’d like). You can target
these users one on one over skype, or you can post it in
the chatboxes.
Chat Sites: Zozo-chat.com ; Zobo.com ; yeechat.com ;
xxxchatters.com ; xschat.com ; wamba.com ; upforit.com
tagged.com ; omegle.com ; room7.com ; coolchat.com ;
irishchat.net ; on.com ; okcupid.com
Method #3- Omegle Spreading
Spreading via Omegle is quite awesome. Two of my
favorite Omegle Spreaders is the one by CodingParadise
and Yui. Hackforums.net/showthread.php?tid=5218341
(Credits to HF User UID=158459) and
hackforums.net/showthread.php?tid=3819873 (Credits
to HF User UID=293155) You can simply recycle the
eWhore Method, having your message ready “hey baby
21 f wanna download my nudes ? xxxx” Most of the time,
Omegle is always filled with horny men. This is a great
quick automated method.
Method #4- Torrents
This is a basic method, but I have never thought of it for a
month or two and then this was one of my most popular
methods. Torrents my favorite way personally. Visit
http://www.utorrent.com - you will want to click create,
check start seeding, add a tracker and save as. Then you
will want to find a site (such as thepiratebay.se) and
upload your server there.
Method #5- Kik Spreading
From there, when you download BlueStacks, you should
visit the
Google Play Store and download Kik. Now, you will need
to gain traffic
towards your Kik, often like when we find people to eWhore, we can
Often target them for an install and money. Visit
websites such as kikfriends.com – kik group chat
websites, optimized for Kik specifically. Set yourself up as
best as possible, visiting the Hack Forums E-Whoring
Section and download yourself some e-Whore Packs and
set your kik up well. You can either sell these pictures, or
give them for free to them. Giving them to free, with a
download link would more likely result in getting them as
a slave for you. Once you find someone, chat them up
and let them know about you. Your likely speaking with
some more genuine, so I would try to start a
conversation with them first. If they try to get to the
point first, you get to the point and give them the
download. “baby wanna download my nudes? Xxxx”
Bonus Method- E-Mail Spoofing
Now this idea is a bit more difficult. Spreading via e-mail
spoofers could be dedicated to a single person (teacher,
enemy, whoever) or to bulk people. Visit the Hackforums
Hacking Tools & Programs subsection or google e-mail
spoofer and you'll quickly find one. Now time to decide,
are you going to aim at a teacher (You usually can find
their e-mail on the school site.) or bulk? There are tons of
e-mail lists out on pastebin.com. Search on pastebin
@yahoo.com, @gmail.com, etc. Public e-mail providers
and then you should be able to find a small or big list.
Putting out an email such as "Unusual Activity Detected"
is the easiest way to get users to be concerned.
You want your server uploaded to ge.tt and copy and
have your server in your email.
If your directing a teacher, it usually is something like
teachername@citypublicschools.com or something. Use
the @citypublicschools.com and then put a teacher
name like MarkG or something at the front, OR put
javasupport@java.com – something like that, you get the
idea? Message them how a program (Java, Microsoft,
something) and tell them they need to urgently update
something in order to secure their account.