This method takes a little patience, but it does pay off. Trust me. For this method, you are going to pretend to provide a 'computer repair' service that specialises in a range of different things.

First step is you are going to want to start posting as many advertisements as you can on ANY website/social media that allows you to. Make the advertisements look as real as possible. You can find a lot of real advertisements on the internet. Use these as a template. Be creative. If you really want, you can even get someone to create you a quick and simple business flyer that you can then print and distribute within different neighbourhoods. Be smart.

In your advertisement, make sure you list all the different tasks you can do such as upgrades, software upgrade, hardware upgrades etc. Anything you can think of - add it. Also make sure you leave a way the 'customer' can contact you. Fake email or burner phone is probably the best/safest.

HOT/IMPORTANT TIP:
On your advertisement, you MUST make sure you have something along the lines like - '100% Free Quote - 100% Free Call Out Fee - No Charge' - this will make your advertisement stick out from he rest (real ones) and you will begin reeling in your slaves.

Once people start contacting you with their problem, this is when the fun begins. Most of the people who contact you will be people who don't know much about computers. You will reassure them that you will be able to fix whatever issue they have. You can make this up as you go along, but make an excuse about not being able to come out for weeks. You will then tell them that you can look at their computer remotely to speed things up. You can choose how you do the next step, but you can actually connect remotely to their PC or you can send them a 'file' in which you require them to open in order to begin the maintenance. Whatever you want - just be creative.

BONUS:
If you have some knowledge with computers, you may come across an issue the victim is having where you know how to fix. It's a good way to make quick money as well as obtaining your slave. Again, be creative, and you can make this method autopilot. Enjoy.