For this method you'll need to get in to Facebook groups with lots off freelancers, be sure to
join a Facebook group like this: https://gyazo.com/1bc08a2cf09bb6198c5eaf2efd5c1bb6 not
for android. Because you need people with PC/LAPTOP ETC. Tell them you have a software
that is for Social media. To track you Facebook, Instagram and Twitter followers.
Where I have more success is with other niches. Like Dropshipping! How, you ask me? Well
basically I join a tons off Dropshipping groups and make a post like: *Please use mine as
this can get saturated. Also this method can get very soon saturated. So I'm only giving
limited copies.
Hey guys, I am doing Dropshipping for a while as a side-hustle and I've been coding for the
past 10 years. I've seen tons off mail softwares and they are expensive as hell. So I created
my own one mail software. We are creating the site and trying to create it with A VPS. So
our "Future" customers will get better experience. For now I need at least a 100 testers. That
can test our Mail software! I will be only giving 100 Free copies. This is mostly for beginners.
If you want to test this let me know.
You can do this for any niche basically if you this niche has downloads ;p, I also tested
gaming cheat groups. If you can actually make a post in it you'll get shitloads of downloads.
If you grind this out you'll be making passive income like a boss. But you'll have to put in the
actual work. SO what I recommend you do is make several Facebook accounts! So be sure
to tell me which Facebook groups for Dropshipping you'll be using. Also you can use any
type of Software not just mail software. You can use social media panels. Also if people are
skeptical use a screenshot from the internet. Also use your brain, you can take easy
downloads from Facebook. It's so underrated. Not just Dropshipping stores are equal to
downloads. Because how many groups are on Facebook related to games and making
money?
Facebook groups you can use.
BTC mining (Works as a charm)
GAMING PAGES AND GROUPS.
Almost any Group will work if you can use your brain. Message me if you have a niche. I'll
tell you what I would do.