Private Discord Spread Methods

First off all make a hacking server
you can put it in disboard.org etc
make sure in the keywords to include 
making-money
free-crditcard
hacking
and stuff like that
make your server look interesting and be nice to everyone
post free stuff just take them from github or some shit
after that make sure in the begining to post real working tools
and tutorials
after you get at least 300-500 members start posting infected shit!


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Discord is a voice/chat platform program,just like Skype, and designed to
communicate with others. I haven’t seen spreading methods used for Discord
out there, so I thought I’d put together a method on how to gather installs using
Discord to spread. This method is designed for targeted spreading also. So
please take into account this method isn’t autopilot, and does involve you doing
work and communicating. But don’t worry it will pull off.
This method requires
- Discord:
- A VPN or proxy
- Domain/Webhost
- FUD stub
- You can use my methods, or think of your own niche !
- Your targeted Discord channel (http://discord.me/servers or google search for
some)
Now once you have Discord installed, it’d be best to use a VPN or run discord
through a proxy. This is due to you spreading. Now once you’ve done that,
you’ll want to make an account at Discord. You won’t need email verification
to verify your account (And if you do, just make sure you use a legit email).
Once you’ve done that, you’ll see that Discord is a communication service, so
in order to gather installs with this method you’ll need to communicate with
your victims.
Now you’re up to the stage of choosing your targeted Discord channel. Go here
to find a channel of your choosing: http://discord.me/servers
After you’ve selected your channel, and are all setup. It’s time to get
spreading !
To spread your malware to victims on Discord, all you need is a niche relating
to the Discord channel of your choosing. So depending on the channel you wish
to go for, you’ll need to change the style of this method to the suitable channel.
For this example, I’ve chosen a Runescape channel, so my method of gathering
installs must work around using Runescape type material to trick your victims
to download your file.
Now join the channel with the account you made on Discord for spreading.
When joining the channel you will see a list of users online/away/offline on the
right side. And on the leftside you will see voice chatrooms. If you know a
thing about SE, then using your voice to trick your victims into downloading
your malware will work more better due to the fact people seem to trust you
more if you talk to them via voice. But for this method, we will just use the chat
to gather out victims.
Now as I’m trying to target Runescape victims within a Runescape Discord
channel I’ll need to focus my idea to spread relate around Runescape. Now
make sure you have a FUD stub, and you’ve binded your jpeg or other file type
to your malware, as we will try and stay away from using a .exe extension. Now
make sure you have your domain and webhosting setup, so you can have a
download link to your malware. “www.yourdomain.com/picture.jpeg”. Note:
You could also use a marco or silent exploit to do this, or the tumblr method
I’ve written below this chapter.
Now as I’m targeting Runescape players, I’ll need to think of a way to get them
to download the link, and execute the file, so you can infect them. I’ve done
something like this below, you can have it different to suit your idea of
spreadings with Discord. As it’s all communication with this method, and
tricking them to download your file. 