Warez spreading
This is really old but still working method. So why did you pay this
tutorial? Because I’ll not just tell you some ideas. I’ll show you how to do
it with actual tools. I’m using this method for my silent miners and so far
15-20 new downloads every day with autopilot. I’ve spend only $11
dollar for this setup and every day 15-20 new install is good numbers for
me. Lets begin the tutorial. First of all we will basically open a warez
download blog. At least people will think that way. You need to buy your
hosting and domain anonymously because of you will share some illegal
things on this site and we don’t want to leave any trace behind us.
For anonymous purchase and good service I choosed Namecheap for this
method. I paid $11 for SSL + Hosting + Whois Protection + .store domain This
will be total amount of our investment. Don’t forget to pay with bitcoin. We are
choosing Namecheap because they let us paying with bitcoins. And complete
the forms with fake information ofcourse. After we setup our site we won’t
even login again so do everything carefully :) Ok we bought our hosting and
domain and we are ready to go. Login your cpanel and setup your wordpress
automatically. Find a good, seo friendly and lightweight theme for your wp and
install it. Go to Plugins and click the add new. Search for wp-o-matic This tool
is a lifesaver. Install and activate it. Wp-o-matic is a content robot. It’s fetching
contents from the rss feeds periodically. Yes this content is not original, yes it is
bad for seo but we are not aiming high ranks on the google either. C/P content
will do don’t worry. Go to Wp-o-matic and click add new campaign.
This section is customizable but you should follow and copy my settings. Add
New Campaign You can give a name for your campaign like KeyGens. We can
collect all keygen rss’s under this campaign. Widget After Content I’ll get this
later. No need to touch it. Campaign Description You can leave blank this
section. Feeds For This Campaign This is an important part. You should go to
google and find some quality warez blogs. I checked google and find one and it
has rss feeds too :) https://insiderex.com/feed/ Click the add feed button and
paste your feed url. Then click the Check all feeds button. If this feed is suitable
it turns green. If it is not suitable it will shown red. Delete the red ones and add
the new rss’es. 4 5 quality rss feed will do. It means at least 4 5 new post to
your site.
Publish You don’t need to change anything in here. And we are not ready to
publish either. Wait for other settings. Campaign Post Formats This section is
irrelevant too. No need to change anything here.
Options for this campaign If you are not know what are you doing just copy my
settings in here. We are getting contents and removing original download links
from it here. We will add our download links later. Schedule Cron You will
schedule your campaign so everyday at 3 o’clock your bot will add new
contents. Campaign Categories You can check add auto categories and you
don’t need to do it manually later. Don’t change anything more at your page.
Click publish and wait. When the Run Now button available click it. And wait
your bot is fetching new contents. Now you have a warez blog which is creating
automatic content everyday. Congratz. You can add your advertisement codes
and start earning little from it. But stop we are not after advertisement earnings.
Lets move on. Now go to plugin page again and click add new. Search for
Widget After Content. Install it then activate it. This plugin creates custom
contents automatically after every one of your posts. We will add our download
links with this plugin
Did you see, there is a after content block. Drop down there a text widget and
open it
Add your download links and click save. You will put your own stubs
download links don’t forget. And you can rename your mallware like Ultimate
Downloader, Sourceforge Downloader and you are ready to go. You have an
auto-pilot slave factory congratz. This is my one week download numbers. Isn’t