Youtube spreading
I will start this first method on one of the most known and simplest methods.
But most users cannot correctly use this method to spread. Youtube has a
massive audience and traffic runs through it Dailey. This is a great target for us,
and this is where we will be spreading. This is why I’ll be explaining this
method to you. As the install rate is very successful when it comes to infections.
Now you will want to make an account at Youtube if you haven’t already done
so.
You have just made and account. You have no audience around your channel.
But to get installs you will want to have an audience around your channel either
legitimate or bots. It doesn’t matter as long as your channel looks legitimate.
Now when spreading your stub to gather infections on Youtube you will want
to aim at a specific audience for installs. For example, Runescape, Counter
Strike, Dota 2, Giveaways. Anything which attracts an audience name it your
video. But also remember, thinking outside the box when naming your Youtube
video does affect your infection rate. If you suit your Youtube videos to real life
scenarios and media it can attract a massive amount of traffic.
Now to use this method efficiently, you’ll need some third-party application to
bring in the likes, views and subs to your youtube video. To do this, just use
one of the following sites. http://www.ytmonster.net/
http://www.u2bviews.com/
http://www.shareyoutubevideos.com/ http://www.addmefast.com/
http://www.youlikehits.com/
http://www.view2.be/
http://www.ytmax.com/
http://www.websyndic.com/
Now once you’re sorted with views, likes and subs, it’s time to find a Youtube
video. Now as I’ve said before it’s about finding the correct audience you wish
to target personally as a user. It’s up to you what you want to decide to go for in
terms of installs and slaves. But within this guide I’ll give you a example on
how to do this. I’ll use a Runescape video to show you exactly what I mean.
Now when finding a video it is important not to use a video when a lot of
views, but find a video which doesn’t have many views and is perfect for the
job.
Now I’m going to do a YouTube search for the video I want to use. I wish to
target Runescape players for example, so I will need to find something which
Runescape players would want and search for when it comes to YouTube.
Now I’ve chosen to use a Runescape Private Server Video to attract a audience
to my video to get successful infections. I know for a fact people are always
going to release runescape private servers so this is a very good example on
how to use Youtube to spread for infections.
So I’ve found my Video, but how do I upload it if I want to use it? That’s easy,
copy paste the URL from the Youtube Video you have searched and wish to use
into one of these websites which is able to convert YouTube videos to a video
file.
http://www.clipconverter.cc/
www.onlinevideoconverter.com/video-converter
Now once you have downloaded your Video, you will want to upload your
Youtube video with a link to your RAT in the description. Make the description
and title to your video look legitimate.
Now we have uploaded our video to YouTube, it is now time to use the credits
you have gathers using Enhance views on your YouTube video. Depending
how many credits you have depends on how many installs you will receive.
You will want to use your credits mainly on views and likes and comments.
These are the 3 main contents of spreading via YouTube. It makes your
audience believe this is legitimate and will download your infected file.
Almost just a hint when spreading via YouTube. Call it something “New” or
“Brand New” this makes creates more traffic as this has work on majority of
videos with these words in the title.
10. Advenced youtube spreading:
This time I want this to be more advanced, and detailed with more
informational content, and advanced methods & advice, and this is due to
YouTube having security on it’s videos, which stops us spreading, as YouTube
is defiantly a high rated spreading source. So I wish to help you gain the best
outta of YouTube spreading.
Things to know about Youtube spreading
When spreading on Youtube, all videos you upload should be unique, or your
own. So basically a video that has never been uploaded before on Youtube, as
youtube usually will auto detect a video which has been uploaded before and
remove your content. This why you should go with a video of your own or
unique.
If you’re lazy and don’t have a video of your own, that’s ok, you can find other
video from another website and upload them to Youtube. For example a video
from: Vimeo, Metacafe, Facebook, etc.. After obtaining the video you wish to
upload, make sure you edit the video with an editing program like Sony Vegas,
and edit the introduction or outro. (You can do this with a Youtube Video, but I
wouldn’t recommend it, as it’d get taken down faster)
When spreading on Youtube you’ll want to keep your audience feeling safe as
possible. So using nonblackhat titles within your video will make your audience
feel say.
An example of a non-blackhat title: How to get free flyer points (No hack or
generator)
Example of a blackhat title: Flyer Points Hack See how I’ve used the titles in a
way to trick the audience !
Getting Views, Likes and Subs ! Getting more views, like and subs is essential
to YouTube spreading. As having more of them, will get you more installs.
There are many sites which will give you views/likes/subs for money or doing a
service for them.
Here are some Youtube bot website to help you get views/likes/subs.
- www.Vagex.com
- www.Hitleap.com
 www.Like4like.org
- www.View2.be
- http://www.ytmonster.net
- www.Subpals.com
Video ideas for spreading Now when selecting an idea for your video for
spreading, you’ll need to think which audience you wish to target, there are
plenty of audiences on YouTube to target, you just need to think of an idea
surrounding that platform or audience so gather installs.
So here is an idea list for your videos as an example.
- RSPS looking for staff - Clash of Clans Mod 2016
- CSGO Knife Mod
- RS 07 Bots
 Really depending on your targeted audience, you’ll want a video and
title/description relating to your given audience. 